USFS campgrounds are stored in a somewhat complicated hierarchy:
1. use a AJAX call to get the list of states with national forests
2. then use an ajax call to get a list of national forests per state
3. the list includes URLs to each NF page
4. The NF landing page contains a link to a "Recreation" page for the NF
5. That page contains a link to "Camping & Cabins"
6. The "C & C" page contains links to various types of accomodations: "Cabin Rentals", "Campground Camping",
   "Group Camping," and "RV Camping" (not all may be present)
7. Each one of these pages contains a list of campground (or other accomodations). This list is
   hierarchical, with headings like "so and so Ranger District" or "so and so Area". The campgrounds are
   typically (but unfortunately not always) at the leaf nodes. The HTML itself is just a flat <li> list,
   and the hierarchical effect is provided by changing the margin-right as needed.
8. Each <li> contains a link to a details page, which has things like the campground's location and
   "At a Glance" information.

The scrubber needs to walk this page hierarchy in order to extract campground data.

Note: The Recreation page also has a "OHV Riding & Camping" link that we may want to follow.
      But maybe not; it doesn't seem to lead to campgrounds.
Note: Alabama's Nonecuh National Forest 'Camping & Cabins' page only has 'Campground Camping'
      and 'RV Camping' entries (since other types of accomodations are not available).
Note: Also, all forests in AL are linked to a single page that covers 'National Forests in Alabama'
      and the campgrounds are arranged under specific national forest headings in the list e.g.
      Talladega National Forest
        Shoal Creek Ranger District
          Coleman Lake Recreation Area
This means that the scrubber will think that all campgrounds in AL reside in the last NF loaded.

Sep 12 2017 notes follow.

The description of the organization of the USFS web site above is essentially accurate, but there
are additional important details that need to be discussed.

The USFS data seems to come from RIDB, although the organization is different; for example, not all NFs
are stored as rec areas in RIDB.

There seem to be three types of NF/NG arrangements in the USFS web site (as accessed from the
state/NF dropdowns on the main page):

1. Entities that map to a single USFS and RIDB entity with its own home page. For example, Tahoe NF.
   These entities present their campgrounds on their own individual camping pages.
   They often, but not always, appear as rec areas in RIDB; some times, as facilities.
2. Entities that are grouped under a cluster entity, like Arapaho NF, Roosevelt NF, and Pawnee NG
   in CO are listed seprately on the USFS web site's dropdown, but they land at the same page
   for 'Arapaho & Roosevelt National Forests Pawnee NG'.
   The campgrounds for the three are all mixed in, and there is no way to separate them in the
   web site. There may or may not be an RIDB entry for the individual NFs/NGs.
3. Entities that are clustered, but that also have separate home pages with separate camping pages.
   For example, the AL NFs described above: they are clustered, but they have separate camping pages
   that list just the campgrounds for the individual NF.

There is an additional twist that some names are inconsistent between the USFS web site and RIDB.

It is difficult (at best) to glean the entity type from the contents of a USFS web page.
However, one can use the RIDB to get an idea of the arrangement, and then tweak them by hand to generate
a map of the data organization on the USFS web site. This map is stored in a Ruby hash, and used to
generate NF/NG access descriptors from a listo of NF/NG names. The map understands the three entity types
listed above, and also the renaming issues.

There is a logic to the URLs on the USFS web site, and we can use it to bypass some of the scrubbing
used to gather the list of camping page URLs; this significantly increase the scrubbing performance,
since we can use the forest descriptors to jump directly to the camping pages.

The USFSHelper module implements support for accessing NF/NG camping data, and the two _db utilities
in bin are used to generate RIDB and USFS data organization descriptors (the USFS one is then tweaked
by hand)
